Add N&N for enable OSGI console option (#568)
eclipse-platform/www.eclipse.org-eclipse: news/4.41/pde.md

---
## PDE Compiler 
-->

## Views and Dialogs

### Enable OSGi Console Option in Launch Configurations
<!-- https://github.com/eclipse-pde/eclipse.pde/pull/2274 -->
<details>
<summary>Contributors</summary>

- [Elsa Zacharia](https://github.com/elsazac)
</details>

> The launch configurations now provide a new `Enable OSGi Console` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The launch configurations dialog now provides a new `Enable OSGi Console` option.
```

Author: Done
